last week we discussed folklore may we
get more specific this is what we call
an urban legend
contemporary folklore passed on as a
true story something you might have
heard about seeing pop rocks and soda
supposedly their stomach and your
intestines Earth voila
still alive
they are the legends we've all heard
gang members crabber on at night with
their headlights off and when someone
goes to flashing their hybrids to warn
them they count the stories we've all
told die in a girl and they're parked
out in the woods if a guy steps out and
the girl starts to Haley scratch noises
it's her dead boyfriend hung from a tree
the tales we've all listened to isn't
there another story about a guy with an
axe hiding in a woman's back seat my mom
still checks the backseat before getting
into the car but just because it never
happened
doesn't mean it never will was in her
car I knew I should have gone sitting
with you this girl she could have been
any one of us what if there is a lunatic
on campus what is he gonna do next time
maybe put spider eggs and bubble issues
the idea of an urban legend serial
killer it's a stretch the calls coming
from inside the house could it be urban
legend
[Music]
something I can help you with
[Applause]
[Music]
want to know what's going on here
someone out there is taking all these
urban legends and making them reality
urban legend there's the one about the
microwave
[Music]